Refactor(eos_validate_state): Add warning for ansible test mode (#4173)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_validate_state/README.md

# eos_validate_state

!!! warning

>     Starting AVD 5.0.0, the only behavior for `eos_validate_state` will be the current one when using `use_anta: true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Starting AVD 5.0.0, `eos_validate_state` will use ANTA as backend, which will change the default behavior (same as setting `use_anta: true` in older versions).
```

Reviewer: similar for error messages if you agree.
